Hello everyone! Winter weather and
seasonal changes easily cause colds and
weaken our immune systems.
Ms. Pham Thi Yen, Dharma name Tam Chieu Hoan Quan,
shares a folk remedy that
you can apply to help your body become
healthier. Ingredients:
Fresh ginger (one small piece, about half the size of your little
finger), three cloves of garlic, honey or sugar (to taste).
Instructions: Crush the
ginger and garlic, then chop them finely. Boil 200 ml of
water. Usage: First week: Drink in the
morning. Put the ginger, honey, or sugar
into a cup, pour in boiling water, stir well,
let it cool to about 60°C, then add the chopped garlic and drink. You
can drink the liquid and discard the solids. If you have a
severe cold, drink the solids as well.
Second week: Drink in the morning. Ginger,
honey, or sugar (not in the evening).
Third week: Use as in the first week.
Continue until you feel healthy and no longer have cold symptoms. Note:
If you experience a dry nose, sore throat, or cough in the morning,
use the ginger and garlic remedy as directed.
If you experience symptoms like dry nose,
sore throat, or coughing in the evening or night,
follow the instructions for using garlic and sugar in the afternoon; you
will feel relief immediately. For children, give them
small amounts, about three spoonfuls at a time. I hope you
apply this practice to boost your immunity and
have good health. Don't forget to share
this folk remedy with your family and friends!
[music]
I